- [Instructor] When you don't need a bucket,
say because it was for temporary storage,
you need a programmatic way to delete it.
This is powerful in leveraging buckets for long running jobs
and cleaning up after yourself when you're done.
So let's take a look at the delete API.
Jump back into our python file here,
and we'll create another new method.
This time calling it delete_bucket,
we'll need to send it in a bucket name and our s3 resource.
We will do a try on this.
And we will go into the s3 bucket itself
and we will call delete.
And we will now except that.
And print that error out.
Now we will get rid of our download link.
And we will first start by calling create_bucket.
When we call create_bucket we use our transient name and s3.
And then we will delete our bucket,
using the TRANSIENT_BUCKET_NAME and s3.
There's no real good way that I can think of
to actually make sure that this works,
so what I'm going to do
is I'm going to actually run my program in debug mode.
So let's jump into our console,
make sure that there is no buckets
with a transient name.
And I'm going to debug using the IDE.
Now at this point we hit the breakpoint,
the bucket should be created, but not yet deleted.
So let's jump into our console, refresh.
You'll see we have the bucket there,
jump back over.
Play it the rest of the way out.
And once it's done,
come back into S3, refresh and our bucket is now gone.
That's all there is to the delete flow.